Update chain specification.md (#290)
paritytech/wiki: Chain-specification.md

+ **`"params"`** contains general chain parameters:
  + `"networkID"` DevP2P supports multiple networks, and ID is used to uniquely identify each one which is used to connect to correct peers and to prevent transaction replay across chains.

>   + `"maximumExtraDataSize"` Integer specifying the maximum size in bytes of the extra_data field of the header. This must be 32 bytes or fewer as per the Yellow Paper. It is an optional free space, some Ethrereum mining pools use it to logg their blocks. Current value for Ethereum and Kovan is "0x20".

Reviewer: Can you tell where in the yellow paper (mention the page and paragraph if possible)?
Note for your question, this field is mandatory and has no default. I'm in favor of removing the word "optional" that might let the reader think the parameter is optional.

Author: Its under 4.3 The Block -> extraData in this version of the paper:https://ethereum.github.io/yellowpaper/paper.pdf

Reviewer: Great, can you please add this info?

Author: My PR is now an orphan as I deleted the repo. Is the best way for me to make a new PR and close this one?

  + `"minGasLimit"` gas limit can adjust across blocks, this parameter determines the absolute minimum it can reach.

  Optional:

>   + `"accountStartNonce"` Integer specifying what nonce all newly created accounts should have. In the past this was used for transaction replay protection. This is a [standard subformat parameter](https://github.com/ethereum/wiki/wiki/Ethereum-Chain-Spec-Format). Default value: "0".

Reviewer: I'm in favor of mentioning "deprecated" and link why: As of EIP-155, transactions include the chain id which serves as replay protection.
```suggestion
 + `"accountStartNonce"` Deprecated - Integer specifying what nonce newly created accounts should have. Used prior to [EIP-155](https://github.com/ethereum/EIPs/blob/master/EIPS/eip-155.md) that added the `chain_id` in transactions' signatures, which serves as replay protection. Default value: "0".
```
